nevermind this is foxton this is a fox
and most studios wolf this is my second
account actually my backup but yeah you
guys have been asking for the chorus
part of its going to be a special which
I posted the cover on Fox in wolf a
while ago anyways this is the right hand
plus one octave from the original see I
don't know the exact like notes of note
names but i'll just play here and see if
you guys can you know figure that out
for me thank you bear with me on a
beginner so expect some mistakes if
anything right hand goes as such once
again if you didn't get that
that is the right here and now to move
over to the left hand which is just
minus one octave from where actually it
is pretty much see if anything oh
there's another note i'm gonna be
skipping out in the third notes what
you're supposed to play this is up here
so i'm gonna do this up here this is
really right between my legs okay right
there yeah this is another the note
saying you know when you play the
leftmost note you're pretty much playing
the note plus 6 plus 6 from the original
left and in the third note that i'm
going to be skipping out on is actually
the the same nut but plus one octave so
if you play this one is a left mount
you're gonna play that one the last but
I'm gonna be skipping out this tutorial
kiss I haven't figured you know doing
this what yet but uh here's the left now
here's the left hand i'm gonna try to
track it as i do this
you
that's as close as I can get to the left
hand without totally garbage enough and
let's do this once again
and that is the tutorial you just put
that in on the third night you plan the
right hand let me try doing with you try
doing this full chorus enough to like
garbage enough okay this looks like it's
okay
you
I
you can kind of figure it out from no
I'm trying here bear with me you know
bear with me bear with me that's foxing
loaf and it's wolf and Foxin wolf thank
you for joining on this little adventure
of ours and i'll see you guys later